chore: change logs for 4.4.17 (#1802)
emqtt/emq-docs-cn: en_US/changes/changes-4.4.md

  Before this change, when the listener had enabled the Proxy Protocol (`listener.tcp.external.proxy_protocol=on`), and the connection got disconnected immediately after the TCP handshake was completed but before receiving the ProxyInfo, the following error log was printed:
  
  ```
  [error] supervisor: 'esockd_connection_sup - <0.3265.0>', errorContext: connection_shutdown, reason: {recv_proxy_info_error,tcp_closed}, offender:
  ```
  After this change, no logs will be printed, but you can still view the statistics of error causes by using the `emqx_ctl listeners` command.

- Improve the logs when the listener experiences file descriptor exhaustion errors [emqx/esockd#173](https://github.com/emqx/esockd/pull/173).
  Previous log messages:
  ```
  [error] Accept error on 0.0.0.0:1883: emfile
  ```
  Log messages after this change:
  ```
  [error] Accept error on 0.0.0.0:1883: EMFILE (Too many open files)
  ```

- Improve the performance of the rule engine when there are a large number of rules [#10283](https://github.com/emqx/emqx/pull/10283)

>   Before this change, when there were a large number of rules, the execution of the rule engine became a bottleneck, as the rule engine consumed a lot of CPU time on rule queries and matching.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Improved rule engine performance by implementing rule indexing to efficiently handle large rule sets and reduce CPU time on queries and matching.
```

  In our tests, we created 700 rules that did not perform any actions (bound to the "do_nothing" debugging action) on a 32-core, 32GB virtual machine,
  and sent MQTT messages to EMQX at a rate of 1000 messages per second (i.e. a rule trigger frequency of 700 * 1000 times per second).
  After applying this optimization, the CPU usage of the rule engine dropped to 55% to 60% of its original level.

### Bug fixes

- Fix that `Erlang distribution` can't use TLS [#9981](https://github.com/emqx/emqx/pull/9981).
  About `Erlang distribution`, See [here](https://www.emqx.io/docs/en/v4.4/advanced/cluster.html#distributed-erlang) for details.

- Fixed MQTT bridge TLS connection could not verify wildcard certificate from peer [#10094](https://github.com/emqx/emqx/pull/10094).

- Fixed the problem that EMQX could not timely clear the disconnected MQTT connection information due to a large number of retained messages [#10189](https://github.com/emqx/emqx/pull/10189).
  Before this fix, the `emqx_retainer` plugin and the connection cleanup process of EMQX shared the same process pool.

>   Therefore, if the process pool was blocked by a large number of retain messages, many disconnected MQTT connections would not be cleaned up in time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Therefore, if the process pool was blocked by a large number of retain messages, many disconnected MQTT connections could not be cleaned up in time.
```
